Add Bellare Grants (#84)
nayafia/microgrants: README.md

https://xorgrant.org <br>
_Xor Grant is a no-strings-attached microgrant awarded to high school seniors pursuing a computer science or cybersecurity program in college. Its mission is to support students who are passionate about solving interesting problems and love thinking outside the box._

## Bellare Grants
https://bellaregrants.netlify.app <br>

> Bellare Grants is a microgrant started by family members, with the aim of contributing to education, health, research and open source software and hardware projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bellare Grants is a program with the aim of contributing to education, health, research and open source software and hardware projects.
```

anything on [microgrants](https://github.com/nayafia/microgrants) list will be microgrant so there is no need to repeat it

remove less important info

maybe it would be worth adding that it is focused on local/India initiatives?

Author: @matkoniecz thanks for the feedback. Made the changes here https://github.com/nayafia/microgrants/pull/84/commits/dddc480a8380ca11d725f17a01946121ed2eca2b

> Bellare Grants is a program supporting local/Indian initiatives in education, healthcare, research, and open source projects(hardware and software) through financial contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bellare Grants is a program supporting local/Indian initiatives in education, healthcare, research, and open source projects (hardware and software) through financial contributions.
```

space seems to be missing

Author: @matkoniecz Updated here https://github.com/nayafia/microgrants/pull/84/commits/16041fd930fc75da635341be1f7262ee2c103324
